All that I want is a hole in the ground. You can tell me when it's alright for me to come out.
I just killed off what was left of the optimist in me.
Don't make me laugh, I'll choke.
For all I know, the best is over and the worst is yet to come.
Reality will break your heart.
Remember when we used to like ourselves?
I don't pick up when you call cause your voice is a gun.
Strange how we found ourselves exactly where we left off.
Don't hold your breath, I never said I'd save you, honey.
I can't call you a stranger but I can't call you.
Of all the weapons you fight with your silence is the most violent.
Don't you go and get it twisted; forgiveness is not forgetting.
Everything was fine until you came around.
As if the first cut wasn't deep enough, I dove in again cause I'm not into giving up.
Could've got the same rush from any lover's touch. But why get used to something new when no one breaks my heart like you.
You may hate me but I can't hate you. And I won't erase you.
I gotta keep going or they'll call me a quitter.
I don't need no help I can sabotage me by myself.
We all got problems don't we? We all need heroes don't we? But rest assured there's not a single person here who's worthy.
I know that you're afraid to let all the dark escape you, but we can let the light illuminate these hopeless places.
Think it's safe to say your savior doesn't look a thing like me.
I got my own convictions and they're stronger than any addiction.
Hold onto hope if you got it. Don't let it go for nobody.
They say that dreaming is free but I wouldn't care what it cost me.
Some things I'll never know, and I had to let them go. I'm sitting all alone, feeling empty...
I’ve seen love die way too many times when it deserved to be alive.
You do your best to show me love, but you don’t know what love is.
So this is how it goes. Well, I, I would have never known. And if it ends today, well, I’ll still say that you shine brighter than anyone.
If you run away now, will you come back around? And if you ran away, I’d still wave goodbye, watching you shine bright.
I’ll write you just to let you know that I’m alright. Can’t say I’m sad to see you go cause I’m not.
Maybe if my heart stops beating, it won’t hurt this much. And never will I have to answer again to anyone.
Explain to me this conspiracy against me, and tell me how I’ve lost my power.
Where can I turn? Cause I need something more. Surrounded by uncertainty, I’m so unsure. Tell me why I feel so alone.
I thought that we’d make it because you said that we’d make it through. And when all security fails, will you be there to help me through?
So we stand here now and no one knows us at all. I won’t get used to this. I won’t get used to being gone. And going back won’t feel the same if we aren’t staying. Going back to get away after everything has changed.
I’ve hoped for change, and it gets better everyday. I’ve hoped for change, but still I feel the same.
Sing us a song and we’ll sing it back to you. We could sing our own but what would it be without you?
This heart, it beats, beats for only you.
They taped over your mouth, scribbled out the truth with their lies.
Nothing compares to a quiet evening alone.
I'd rather waste my life pretending then have to forget you for one whole minute.
That never happens... I guess I'm dreaming again.
How can I decide what's right when you're clouding up my mind?
You won't take away my pride... not this time.
How did we get here, when I used to know you so well?
I don't know what I want.
The truth never set me free so I did it myself.
You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me: sentence me to another life.
You treat me just like another stranger.
Ignorance is your new best friend.
I'm just a person but you can't take it.
I'm not the same kid from your memories. Now I can fend for myself.
Next time you point a finger, I'll point you to the mirror.
If God's the game that you're playing well we must get more acquainted because it has to be so lonely to be the only one who's holy.
You don't deserve a point of view if the only you see is you.
And the worst part is: before it gets any better we're headed for a cliff.
I'm better off when I hit the bottom.
Up until now I had sworn to myself that I'm content with loneliness.
All the best lies, they are told with fingers tied.
I thought I'd never see the day when you smile at me.
I'm always wrong but you're never right.
It's not a dream anymore, it's worth fighting for.
God knows the world doesn't need another band.
I can't believe we almost hung it up — we're just getting started!
Give me attention. I need it now.
No one is as lucky as us.
I'm not used to it, but I can learn!
I've never been happier :)
I've got a feeling if I sing this loud enough you would sing it back to me.
We're just misguided ghosts — traveling endlessly.
I'm going away for a while but I'll be back (don't try to follow me).
We all learn mistakes and run from them.
Now I'm told that this is life, and pain is just a simple compromise so we can get what we want out of it.
Think of me when you're out there.
I think I'll pace my apartment a few times and fall asleep on the couch.
All I wanted was you...
I let my heart go. It's somewhere down at the bottom.
I'll stop the whole world from turning into a monster and eating us alive.
I'm only human, I've got a skeleton in me.
The grass wasn't green enough here after watering it with my tears.
The wind came from your lungs — a hurricane from your tongue.
I'm a renegade, it's in my blood.
Maybe I'm not perfect but at least I'm working on it.
22 is like the worst idea I ever had.
Hello, cold world!
We've got our riot gear on, but we just want to have fun!
Feels like I'm waking from the dead and everyone's been waiting on me...
There's a time and a place to die, but this ain't it.
If there's a future we want it now.
I cried just a little then I dried my eyes cause I'm not a little girl no more.
Don't go crying to your mama cause you're on your own in the real world.
